to celebrate the World Cup in Brazil that
better than a post so we come
up here since it 's a restaurant
Brazilian good is a chain from Brazil
that came to mexico and I'm here with my
dear giovanni and let's make a
sweet papaya that is very traditional
Brazil is that people who think
papaya do not diet or think papaya
it's a wonderful fruit emerge in
Mexico from and goes to Central America and
low South America and we can do the
sweet do you teach me
Lets put
papaya are 200 grams for one
a single passion in the person
200 grams
usually carries 50 grams of milk
condensed
and the ice cream
and they are already grinding
I can do it in my house with me
Of course, the quality of the products is
base because it's not the same if you buy the
ice cream already obviously frozen to that if
this turbine bach and no or if you do the
mix of egg and vanilla in the
milk and the whole roll
and the papaya for the truth has a flavor
Pretty sweet is super nutritious help
to regenerate skin cells
It is also well known for its
digestive properties that not for your
Brazilian name is going to be like this now
globally known as in the global
mom or for decoration for the
decoration come a banana leaf
little dish
and nothing more
You already saw this house really what
can do is very simple once
It is not light either but it is father
can incorporate a fruit so with
so many properties to such a recipe
delicious not and this looks great and
that more than put one in a little ball
this is a tile
of papaya is the same aesthetic of
game screen of the same preparation
nothing else with coloring
a ball of papaya
this was lovely not good this
very simple honorific distinction of
do